# ak.wwise.core.mediaPool.get Arguments Schema

|  |
| --- |
| Wwise SDK 2025.1.4 - Windows |

ak.wwise.core.mediaPool.get Arguments Schema

# Schema

{

"type": "object",

"properties": {

"searchText": {

"type": "string",

"description": "The text for the fuzzy search in the Media Pool. The search is case-insensitive."

},

"databases": {

"type": "array",

"items": {

"anyOf": [

{

"type": "string",

"pattern": "^(StateGroup|SwitchGroup|SoundBank|GameParameter|Event|Effect|AudioDevice|Trigger|Attenuation|DialogueEvent|Bus|AuxBus|Conversion|ModulatorLfo|ModulatorEnvelope|ModulatorTime|Platform|Language|AcousticTexture|Global):[a-zA-Z0-9\_]+$",

"description": "由类型或 Short ID 限定的对象名称，格式为 type:name 或 Global:shortId。仅支持采用全局唯一名称或 Short Id 的对象类型。例如：Event:Play\_Sound\_01, Global:245489792"

},

{

"type": "string",

"pattern": "^\\{[a-fA-F0-9]{8}-[a-fA-F0-9]{4}-[a-fA-F0-9]{4}-[a-fA-F0-9]{4}-[a-fA-F0-9]{12}\\}$",

"description": "以下形式的对象 GUID：{aabbcc00-1122-3344-5566-77889900aabb}。"

},

{

"type": "string",

"pattern": "^\\\\",

"description": "Wwise 对象的工程路径，包含类别和 Work Unit。For example: \\\\Containers\\\\Default Work Unit\\\\New Sound SFX."

}

],

"description": "The ID (GUID) or path of the database to include in the search. For the database representing the project originals, use the path '\\\\Databases\\\\Project Originals'."

},

"description": "The list of databases to include. If not specified, all databases are included."

},

"filters": {

"type": "array",

"items": {

"type": "object",

"description": "The filter to apply to the search.",

"properties": {

"type": {

"anyOf": [

{

"const": "field",

"description": "Filter by a specific field in the Media Pool. See ak.core.mediaPool.getFields for the list of supported fields."

},

{

"const": "audioDescription",

"description": "Filter by description of the desired audio content. You can also specify a weight for the filter."

},

{

"const": "audioSimilarity",

"description": "Filter by audio similarity, which find files that are similar to the audio file at the specified path. You can also specify a weight for the filter."

}

],

"description": "The type of the filter."

},

"weight": {

"type": "number",

"description": "The weight of the filter. Normally as decimal value between 0 and 1. The higher the weight, the more important the filter is in the search results. If not specified, a default weight of 1 is used. The weight is only used for audio similarity filters."

},

"field": {

"anyOf": [

{

"const": "Filename",

"description": "The name of the file, including the extension."

},

{

"const": "WAV\/Duration",

"description": "The duration of the file in seconds."

},

{

"const": "WAV\/Sample Rate",

"description": "The sample rate of the audio file in Hz."

},

{

"const": "WAV\/Bit Depth",

"description": "The bit depth of the audio file. Possible values are 8, 16, 24, or 32."

},

{

"const": "WAV\/Channels",

"description": "The number of channels of the audio file."

},

{

"const": "WAV\/Channel Configuration",

"description": "The channel configuration of the audio file, such as '1.0', '2.0', '5.1', '7.1.4', etc."

},

{

"const": "WAV\/Data Size",

"description": "The size of the audio data in bytes."

},

{

"const": "WAV\/Loop Start",

"description": "The position in seconds where the audio file loop starts."

},

{

"const": "WAV\/Loop End",

"description": "The position in seconds where the audio file loops back to the start."

},

{

"const": "WAV\/Marker Count",

"description": "The number of markers in the audio file."

},

{

"const": "WAV\/Samples",

"description": "The number of samples in the audio file, for one channel."

},

{

"type": "string",

"description": "Other fields found in the IXML chunk of the file. Use ak.core.mediaPool.getFields to get the list of supported fields."

}

],

"description": "The name of the field by which to filter. Possible fields include standard WAV fields, file system fields, extracted audio features, and metadata fields from the IXML chunk. The supported fields depend on files in the Media Pool databases. See ak.core.mediaPool.getFields for the list of supported fields. Use this property when the type is 'field'."

},

"operator": {

"description": "The type of operator to use to evaluate a field value. Supported operators vary by field type (numeric or text). Use this property when the type is 'field'.",

"anyOf": [

{

"const": "equals",

"description": "The field value is exactly equal to the specified value."

},

{

"const": "notEquals",

"description": "The field value is not equal to the specified value."

},

{

"const": "contains",

"description": "The field value contains the specified text (case-sensitive). Text value only."

},

{

"const": "startsWith",

"description": "The field value begins with the specified text. Text value only."

},

{

"const": "endsWith",

"description": "The field value ends with the specified text. Text value only."

},

{

"const": "matchesRegex",

"description": "The field value matches the specified regular expression. Text value only."

},

{

"const": "lessThan",

"description": "The numeric field value is less than the specified value. Numeric value only."

},

{

"const": "greaterThan",

"description": "The numeric field value is greater than the specified value. Numeric value only."

},

{

"const": "lessThanOrEqual",

"description": "The numeric field value is less than or equal to the specified value. Numeric value only."

},

{

"const": "greaterThanOrEqual",

"description": "The numeric field value is greater than or equal to the specified value. Numeric value only."

}

]

},

"value": {

"anyOf": [

{

"type": "string",

"description": "The value to which to compare the field if the field is a text value."

},

{

"type": "number",

"description": "The value to which to compare the field if the field is a numeric value."

},

{

"type": "string",

"description": "The description text to use when the filter type is audio description."

},

{

"type": "string",

"description": "The path to an audio file when the filter type is audio similarity."

}

]

}

},

"required": [

"type",

"value"

]

},

"description": "The list of filters to apply."

},

"maxResults": {

"type": "integer",

"description": "The maximum number of results to return. If not specified, a maximum 1000 files are returned."

}

},

"required": [],

"additionalProperties": false

}