# 新功能

|  |
| --- |
| Wwise SDK 2025.1.4 - Windows |

新功能

# Convolution Reverb

The convolution reverb effect plug-in is a testament to Audiokinetic's commitment to innovation and high-quality audio processing. Like visual artists seeking for photo realistic rendering, Audiokinetic’s convolution reverb is a technology that authentically recreates acoustical spaces.

In essence, it creates reverberation based on samples of real spaces. This means that any physical space, from a plane cockpit to the Taj Mahal, can be reproduced as long as you have a sample (an impulse response) of the room.

Convolution Reverb Specifications:

- Runs on all platforms (render mode only for the Wii)
- 20 impulse responses and 55 factory effect ShareSets are packaged with the reverb
- Supports all channel configurations up to 5.1
- Impulse responses can be imported. Supported formats:
  - PCM
  - Mono and stereo
  - 16 and 24 bit
  - Any sample rate up to 96kHz

# Side-Chaining

Side-chaining can now easily be achieved in Wwise by using the Wwise Meter effect and RTPC curves. The new "Wwise Meter" effect monitors the input signal of a bus and sends the calculated levels (using smoothing parameters such as Attack, Release and Hold) to a game parameter. A Volume RTPC curve linked to this game parameter can then be created on another bus resulting in the volume being affected by the level of the bus with the Meter effect inserted.

Read or watch the Side-Chaining tutorial for more details on how to set up side-chaining in your project.

# New Effects

- Wwise Flanger
  - The full-featured Wwise Flanger effect allows sound designers to create a large scope of effects, including vibrato, chorus, comb filtering and, of course, flanging.
- Wwise Guitar Distortion
  - Four distortion models are available (overdrive, metal, fuzz, and clip) along with pre and post filters to create mock-ups for a wide range of classic guitar distortions.
- Wwise Tremolo
  - The Wwise Tremolo creates trembling effects by modifying the amplitude of the signal up and down over time.
- Wwise Meter
  - The Wwise Meter effect measures the level of a signal without modifying it, and optionally outputs this level as a Game Parameter. The dynamics as well as the range of the output value can be adjusted. It is most useful for achieving side-chaining, where the measured level of a bus drives the volume of another bus through an RTPC.

# Perforce Enhancements

- Perforce icons now appear over work units icons in the Project Explorer, the Property Editor and several other views.
- Information such as Status and Owners are now available in the title bar of the object views.
- New Status column in File Manager's commit dialog.
- Prevent checking out files that are not the latest.

# New Integration Demo

A new integration demo is now available for developers:

- Code and user interface are now fully cross-platform.
- New examples have been added.

# New Columns in Voice profiling (Volume - LPF)

The Voices tab of the Advanced Profiler now shows volume and LPF attenuations pre and post positioning.

# Support for xWMA on the Xbox 360

xWMA uses the WMA professional compression bit-stream format and provides a greater compression ratio than XMA. xWMA is very useful for dialogue and long duration files. A quality setting allows sound designers to vary the bit rate of the compressed sound.