# 新功能

|  |
| --- |
| Wwise SDK 2025.1.4 - Windows |

新功能

# Audio File Importer Enhancements

The Audio File Importer view has been redesigned to speed up the import process and to allow the creation of audio objects directly at the import stage:

- Hierarchies of folders containing wav files can now be imported.
- Folders, actor-mixers and containers can now be created directly from the Audio File Importer view.
- Imported hierarchies can be merged with existing objects in the project.
- Existing objects and structures in the project can be utilized as templates for new imported objects.

# New Effects

Four new effects have been added to Wwise:

- Time Stretch - Changes duration without affecting pitch.
- Pitch Shifter - Changes pitch without affecting duration.
- Harmonizer - Adds one or two pitched voices to incoming signal.
- Stereo Delay - Provides a dual channel delay with a built-in filter. It has feedback and crossfeed controls to send delayed signals from one channel to another and create stereo effects.

# Memory Optimizations

Enhancements on the sound property system led to significant optimizations on all platforms:

- Events and audio structures metadata in SoundBanks is taking up to 30% less space on disk.
- The Default memory pool is taking up to 15% less runtime memory.

# Native Support for RSX(tm) Streaming (PS3(tm) only)

Sound-SFX and Sound-Voice can be set from the user interface to stream from the RSX memory on PS3. Additionally, the Wwise File Packager can be set to automatically create RSX packages with these particular stream files. To complement this, the RSX device provided as a sample in the SDK has been rewritten and may now be used as-is, and other improvements have been made in the sound engine to reduce streaming latency in general.

# File Packager Now Supports External Sources

External sources are now supported in the File Packager and can be packaged with other soundbanks and streamed files.

# New Contextual Shortcut Keys

Wwise 2011.2 brings new shortcut keys accessible from anywhere in Wwise:

- Ctrl+Shift+F : Show the selected objects in the List View
- Ctrl+Shift+S : Show the selected objects in the Schematic View
- Shift+F3 : Find the references to the selected objects
- Ctrl+E: Edit the selected objects in the default External Editor
- Ctrl+Shift+1 : Show the select object in the Project Explorer (sync group 1)
- Ctrl+Shift+2 : Show the select object in the Project Explorer (sync group 2)
- Ctrl+Shift+3 : Show the select object in the Project Explorer (sync group 3)
- Ctrl+Shift+4 : Show the select object in the Project Explorer (sync group 4)
- Ctrl+Shift+- : Show the select object in the Project Explorer (no sync group)

# Communication on Nintendo 3DS

The communication module for Nintendo 3DS has been rewritten to be faster and more reliable than before. It now uses a USB connection instead of Wi-Fi.

# New Mac OS Integration Demo

The Integration Demo was ported to the Mac Operating System.

# Visual Studio C++ 2010 Support

Windows libraries (32-bit and 64-bit) are now available for Visual C++ 2010.

# PlayStation Move Controllers Support

Wwise Motion now supports PlayStation®Move controllers.