# 新功能

|  |
| --- |
| Wwise SDK 2025.1.4 - Windows |

新功能

# Convolution Reverb Optimizations

The Convolution Reverb introduces 2 new parameters that enable important optimizations for memory and CPU usage.

- **Threshold:** Specifies the level below which energy contained in the impulse response will be discarded to save memory and CPU resources. This threshold is compared against a frequency-specific energy computation that evolves over time in the impulse response and allows for the optimization of storage and processing of the convolution at no or minimal cost in terms of quality losses. A value of -144 dB will result in the full impulse response information being processed while lower values will typically eliminate low-energy higher frequency information to obtain significant optimizations. At higher threshold values (e.g above -50 dB), artefacts due to compression will be more noticeable.
- **Smooth:** Uses low pass filtering to smooth the frequency specific truncation points detected based on the threshold parameter. Smoothing can be used to compensate for the artefacts introduced by using high threshold values. The consequence of using high smoothing values is that any optimization gains will be reduced, so it should only be used when necessary. Note that it is sometimes best to set the threshold parameter at a lower value rather than having to use large smoothing parameter values.

# Multiple State Groups Per Object

In the State Tab of the Property Editor, objects can now register to multiple state groups, instead of previously only one. For example, an object may register to a state group "In Menu" and at the same time register to state group "Power Up". Every of the registered state groups can define property variations (volume, lfe, pitch, lowpass), which will be cumulated depending on the current states driven by the game.

Additionally, for Interactive Music and Bus Objects, every registered state group can specify a music sync point for the state changes. For example, you could say, when the state goes to "PowerUp", raise the volume by 3db at the next musical bar.

Please review the [Migration Notes](whatsnew_2010_3_migration.html#whatsnew_2010_3_migration_convolution_reverb) for the multiple state groups per objects.

# Capture Log Filter Enhancements

- The capture log filter now has a filter text field directly at the top of the view.
- The Filter button is highlighted when any of the filter criteria is active
- The Filter now allow related objects to be kept in the log

# SoundBank Manager Shows Hierarchy of Soundbanks

The SoundBank Manager has now the option of showing the SoundBanks in a hierarchical view (Tree list) or in the traditional flat view. When showing the SoundBanks in Tree list mode, the SoundBanks appear with the same structure found in the Project Explorer (with the work-units and folders).

# Copy Platform Settings

It is now possible to copy all the settings from one platform to another. This can be done when a platform is added later in the development cycle and that you want to base its setting on an existing platform.

The "Copy Platform Settings" dialog is available from the Project menu.

# Advanced Profiler's Streams Enhancements

A new tab "Streaming Devices" tab was added and multiple new columns were added to the "Streams" tab of the Advanced Profiler. The new columns include low-level information such as memory, activity, throughput, etc. This additional low-level information allows engineers to optimize and tweak the streaming component of the game.

# Project Explorer Context Menu

The Project Explorer context menu has been redesigned to be more consistent with the other context menus found in Wwise.

The following entry was added to all object menus:

- Open Containing Folder : Open Windows Explorer with the associated file(s) selected

Project Explorer menu improvements:

- Edit in external editor : now support multiple selection correctly
- Open in Schematic View : now supported in Project Explorer
- Workgroup (Perforce) : now available on any level of the hierarchy

# Dialogue Event Editor Now Support Multiple Selection

The dialogue event editor now support multiple selection. The following actions are now possible with multiple selection

- Deleting multiple items
- Clearing multiple items
- Other standard actions on objects, such as opening on Schematic View, Find All References, etc...