# 新功能

|  |
| --- |
| Wwise SDK 2025.1.4 - Windows |

新功能

# iZotope Effects

A selection of iZotope effects are now available for Wwise on Windows and Xbox 360.

- **Hybrid Reverb** Hybrid Reverb allows the user to import an impulse file, extract the early reflections, and separately control the reverb tail. Includes 14 impulse responses.
- **Trash Filters** 36 sweepable filter styles including: synth, standard analog, resonant analog, retro and talkbox.
- **Trash Multiband Distortion** 47 different distortion types including: 'overdrive', 'distortion', fuzz', 'retro', and 'faulty'. 3 bands allowing for up to 2 distortions per band with independent control over each crossover.
- **Trash Distortion** 47 different distortion types including: 'overdrive', 'distortion', fuzz', 'retro', and 'faulty'.
- **Trash Box Modeler** 84 different box, speaker, cabinet, amp and effect box models each with 3 microphone types: dynamic, condenser, and ribbon.
- **Trash Dynamics** Compressor and Gate ideal for adding variety in real-time.
- **Trash Delay** 1 second delay with 6 delay types including: Tape, Tube, Analog, LoFi Digital, Broken Bit, and Digital.

# Physical Folders and Nested Work Units

Hierarchies of nested work units can now be created in Wwise and organized in physical folders. This results in a finer granularity of files available for source control which simplifies development in a multi-user environment.

# Unity Pro Integration

Wwise integration for Unity Pro now covers iOS, Mac, Xbox 360 and Windows. Additional platforms will be added in the future.

# Software Pipeline on the Wii U

The Wwise software pipeline is now supported on the Wii U which leverages all features available on the other software platforms like the Xbox360 and PS3. The software pipeline simplifies ports on the Wii U and allows for the creation of comprehensive and sophisticated sound design.