# ak.wwise.ui.cli.executeLuaScript

|  |
| --- |
| Wwise SDK 2025.1.4 - Windows |

ak.wwise.ui.cli.executeLuaScript

Execute a Lua script. Optionally, specify additional Lua search paths, additional modules, and additional Lua scripts to load prior to the main script. The script can return a value. All arguments will be passed to the Lua script in the "wa\_args" global variable.

# Arguments

**`FILE`**

Specify the file path of the main Lua script to load and execute.

[参数架构](ak_wwise_ui_cli_executeluascript_args_schema.html)

# Options

**`--allow-migration`**

允许在执行操作前迁移并保存 Wwise 工程。

**`--do-file LUAFILE1`**  
**`--do-file LUAFILE1 LUAFILE2 ...`**  
**`--do-file LUAFILE1 --do-file LUAFILE2 ...`**

Specify an array of Lua files to load before the main Lua script is loaded and executed. This option must be followed by a absolute file name.

**`--lua-path PATH1`**  
**`--lua-path PATH1 PATH2 ...`**  
**`--lua-path PATH1 --lua-path PATH2 ...`**

Specify a search path for Lua modules loaded. This option must be followed by a Lua path. Ex: '–lua-path C:\module\?.lua'

**`--project PROJECT`**

When no project is specified, no project is loaded. See [ak.wwise.console.project.open](ak_wwise_console_project_open.html) for information on how to open a project.  
The path to the project file (.wproj).

**`--require MODULE1`**  
**`--require MODULE1 MODULE2 ...`**  
**`--require MODULE1 --require MODULE2 ...`**

Specify an array of Lua module to load at runtime using the require system. This option must be followed by a Lua module name. The module name must be found in the Lua path. Ex: '–require debug.lua'

[选项架构](ak_wwise_ui_cli_executeluascript_options_schema.html)

# Result

Result returned by the Lua script

[结果架构](ak_wwise_ui_cli_executeluascript_result_schema.html)

有关 Wwise Console 的详细信息，请参阅 [使用命令行](bankscommandline.html) 章节。